All right welcome back.
My hair stood and so I took the liberty of actually changing my picture.
All right.
The one that I had for was very very small so it just changes for the change that for this placeholder
right here.
OK.
But anyway.
All right so it's time for us to start deleting this array and that's super easy.
Let's go back here and let's go to our end it and I think in the last one of those lectures there we
actually went and created a I did a class here somewhere to one of these and made it a column of small
sets and we just made this this way.
OK.
And now what we did in the after that is that we added another form down here.
Let me see whoops whole form.
And we're going to just go here and just say
destroy.
OK.
And here delete Of course we don't need a title for this
post.
And let's also create a class here.
Call us sets and make this danger.
All right let's go back here whoops and define action.
Oh.
Admin pools controller wouldn't need to change this to admin but is cool.
After a while guys you gonna start noticing what's missing in your application.
These errors might look very intimidating at first but once you get to know them I mean once you you
make a couple mistakes you know how they are which one they are OK.
So
as you can see there every time that I go back in I find the error I know exactly what it is and just
because it happened to me many times in the past OK.
All right cool.
So we have this working here and this looks pretty awesome the way it is.
I think they don't.
Guys we're going to you know keep adding or adding facial features to it once we finish our application
.
But we first have to get the foundation get this thing working properly.
Right.
All right cool.
So what I'm going to do is I want you to go to your the controller I mean controller and write the logic
here to destroy the post.
And at the same time the images from the server.
Right.
So do that and I'll see you in the next lecture lecture.
I say lecture.
She's my English is getting worse by every lecture guys